All right compare integers is pretty straightforward.
What we want to do here is we were taking in two integers as strings and A-and to be who we want to
find out if A is less than beat.
We want to return less.
And if A is greater than B we want to return greater.
And if they are equal we want to return equal.
The only hint I have for you here is that I use parce and in solving this.
So let's go ahead and jump right into it.
So I solve this on one line with a single return statement using a double ternary.
And that's all I'm going to do it here.
So I'm going to parse it.
Remember we're taking in a integer as a string so we need to parse that and so we're say look is a greater
than B.
That's the first thing.
We basically if three conditions are the it is a very good and B is a less than B or the equal and then
we need to handle that.
And when you do that with a double ternary and like so so if a is greater than B I want to go ahead
and return greater if it's not we won't want to checking the other condition and when I say parse it
is a less than B.
Is that the case.
If that's the case we want to go ahead and return less.
Now if that's not the case it's not greater is not less than what it is is it's then equal by by process
of elimination and we're done.
That's pretty much it.
It's really just testing your you know do you understand how parse it works and and making comparisons
and we can do this with the IF.
IF.
Or else if.
Else if or else statement here and handle that like so.
But for me I never go past two ternary statements.
You could in theory but I think this is fine.
It reads a little strange but maybe maybe maybe the if else if if if else if else would be a cleaner
way round this but this works.